Add Figma MCP integration for design-driven development (#16783)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: .claude/rules/agent-environment-awareness.md

# Agent Environment Awareness

**Never assume which environment you are in.** When MCP tools are missing or MCP setup is needed, ask the user which environment they're running (Claude Code CLI, Claude Desktop, Cursor, VS Code, etc.) before giving any setup guidance. The presence of `.mcp.json` in the project does NOT mean you are in Claude Code CLI — the file is checked into the repo and visible to all environments. Claude Code CLI and Claude Desktop have nearly identical capabilities, so you cannot distinguish them from tool availability alone.

These instructions are shared across multiple environments. Most instructions (build commands, git, testing, code conventions, skills, rules) work identically everywhere. The differences are narrow but matter when they come up.

## MCP Configuration

`.mcp.json` in the project root is the **single source of truth** for MCP servers (Figma, mobile-mcp, etc.).

> - **Claude Code (CLI)** auto-loads `.mcp.json` — no action needed.

Reviewer: I tested with Claude Code CLI and the instruction for the setup was not very helpful:

> Figma MCP is not connected — I can't fetch design context from this link automatically.
Since you're using Claude Code CLI, the Figma MCP should already be configured via .mcp.json in the repo. The issue is likely that the OAuth flow hasn't been completed yet. Here's how to fix it:
>1. Restart your Claude Code session — the first connection to https://mcp.figma.com/mcp should open a browser window for Figma OAuth login
>2. If no browser window appears, check that .mcp.json contains the Figma entry by running: cat .mcp.json

I managed to set up by triggering `/mcp` and select Figma from the list to get the authentication flow started. We should use these as the steps for the agent to suggest.

```suggestion
- **Claude Code (CLI)** auto-loads `.mcp.json`. If authentication is required, ask the user to type `/mcp`, select their MCP of choice and proceed with authentication manually.
```
